Brief Turning Back the Summons
by Jamyang Khyentse Chökyi Lodrö

Namo guru ḍākiniye!
Should you wish to avert the call of the vīras and ḍākinīs, arrange an effigy, a cluster of
five red tormas, golden drink (serkyem), and feast torma, and recite:
ram yam kham om ah hung
raṃ yaṃ khaṃ | oṃ āḥ hūṃ
Repeat these three times, and then by repeating the sky-treasury mantra and mudrā eight times,
increase the blessings extensively.
om ah hung
oṃ āḥ hūṃ
ku sum shyingkham neyul durtrö né
From the charnel grounds and sacred places of three-kāya realms,
dorjé pakmo khandro rabjam tsok
Vajravārāhī, together with infinite hosts of ḍākinīs,
pawo pamo gyüdé drekpé tsok
Heroes,1 heroines,2 spirits of the tantra classes,
né ter sungma karchok shyidak sok
Guardians of place and treasure, and benevolent local deities,
dir shek rang rang tsampé den la shyuk
Come now to this place and take your respective seats.
ku lü serkyem chötor ro gyaden
Accept this effigy, golden drink and offering torma of a hundred flavours,
mejung gana tsakkré tabshé dzé
These substances of means and knowledge from the wondrous gaṇacakra,
döyön druk gi trinpung trowa nam
Clustered clouds of offerings that delight the six senses,
namkhé tar khyab kunzang rolpé gyen
Extending to the far reaches of space as Samantabhadra's sumptuous display,
zakmé wangpo druk la gyé gur tob
Take it all as a means of delighting your six immaculate sense powers.
tukdam kang shing galtrul nyamchak shak
May your wishes thereby be fulfilled, as we confess errors, delusions, impairments and breakages.
dakchak pönlob damden yönchö nam
Keep us, samaya-keeping teacher and students, together with our patrons,
nangsi dé gyé zakha zukpa dang
From falling prey to the eight classes in appearance and existence.
benbön ngakpé samjor ngenpa yi
Avert all harm from forms of sorcery and spellcraft,
jepur bötong nöpa chir la dok
Brought on by malicious and malevolent practitioners, Buddhist and Bönpo.
ta lok lalö mö dzé trulkhor dok
Avert the curses and black magic of uncivilized heretics.
khyepar tenpé drönmé dampa dang
And especially for this noble beacon of the teachings,
dorjé rigdzin ché dang chamdral la
And vajra awareness-holders, brothers and sisters,
jikten dé kyang jikten tsul tönpé
Gather back the silken beckoning cord of the vīras and ḍākinīs,
pawo khandrö sünmé dar tak dü
Who are beyond this world, yet still display worldly ways.
yeshe nga yi ying lé ma yöpar
Without wavering from the basic space of fivefold wisdom,
kyechi tokpa kyemé ying su tim
Absorb all concepts of birth and death into unarisen space.
shatrak drö uk nyampa sorchü ching
Repair any defects of flesh and blood, warmth and breath,
tsa lung tiklé tob nam rabgyé shing
Bolster the strength of the channels, winds and essences,
chi nang sang jung yeshe nga ru dzok
And perfect outer, inner and secret elements as the five wisdoms.
chimé dorjé soktsa rab drub né
Having established the vital channel of vajra immortality,
gyurmé takpé ku chok drubpar dzö
Cause us to attain supreme perpetual and unchanging form.
om bam benza bharahi kordhi kali harinisa abeshaya dhaka dhakini rulu rulu hung jo hung a ya
ma du ru tsa sha na pawo khandro dang nangsi lhasin dé gyé kyi sün kha dang jé dön bé tong
gi nöpa tamché chir dokpar gyur chik
oṃ baṃ vajravārāhī krodhakālī harinisa āveśāya ḍāka ḍākinī rulu rulu hūṃ bhyo hūṃ a ya ma du
ru tsa sha na—turn back all harm from sorcery and spellcraft as well as the summons of the
vīras, ḍākinīs, and gods and demons of the eight classes throughout appearance and existence!
mepar gyur chik
May they cease to be!
shyiwar gyur chik
May they be pacified!
jo jo dok dok
Bhyoḥ! Bhyoḥ! Avert! Avert!
Offer the tsok torma and serkyem as you recite this.

Thus, Pema Yeshe Dorje wrote down whatever arose in his awareness on the twenty-fifth day of
the first month, that of miracles, during the Wood Horse year (1954). May it become a cause
for pacifying any obstacles to the teachings or to the lives of holders of the teachings.
Maṅgalam.

| Translated by Adam Pearcey with the generous support of the Khyentse Foundation and Tertön
Sogyal Trust, 2020.

Source: 'Jam dbyangs chos kyi blo gros. "sun bzlog mdor bsdus/" in ’Jam dbyangs chos kyi blo
gros kyi gsung ’bum. 12 vols. Bir: Khyentse Labrang, 2012. W1KG12986 Vol. 6: 383–384
↑ dpa' bo; vīra
↑ dpa' mo; vīrā